docs: add Inngest as an AI Integration (#2618)
neondatabase/website: content/docs/ai/inngest.md

<br />

Learn more about using `step.ai.infer()` in the following article: [step.ai: Build Serverless AI Applications That Won't Break the Bank](https://www.inngest.com/blog/step-ai-for-serverless-ai-applications?utm_source=neon&utm_medium=inngest-ai-integration).

## Trigger AI workflows based on database changes

Inngest also integrates with Neon Postgres to trigger AI workflows based on database changes:

![Inngest integrates with Neon Postgres to trigger AI workflows based on database changes](/docs/guides/inngest.jpg)

This integration allows you to trigger AI workflows based on database changes, such as generating embeddings as soon as a new row is inserted into a table (see example below).

<br />

Configure the Inngests Neon integration to trigger AI workflows from your Neon database changes [by following this guide](/guides/trigger-serverless-functions).

## Starter apps

Hackable, fully-featured, pre-built [starter apps](https://github.com/neondatabase/examples/tree/main/ai/inngest) to get you up and running with Inngest and Postgres.

<DetailIconCards>

> <a href="https://github.com/inngest/neon-inngest-rag-starter" description="A Next.js RAG starter app built with OpenAI and Inngest" icon="github">RAG starter (OpenAI + Inngest)</a>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<a href="https://github.com/neondatabase/examples/tree/main/ai/inngest/rag-starter-nextjs" description="A Next.js RAG starter app built with OpenAI and Inngest" icon="github">RAG starter (OpenAI + Inngest)</a>
```

<a href="https://github.com/inngest/multi-tenant-rag-example" description="A Next.js contacts importer multi-tenant RAG built with OpenAI and Inngest" icon="github">multi-tenant RAG (OpenAI + Inngest)</a>

> <a href="https://github.com/inngest/neon-auto-embeddings-example" description="A Next.js app example of auto-embedding with Inngest" icon="github">Auto-embedding (OpenAI + Inngest)</a>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<a href="https://github.com/neondatabase/examples/tree/main/ai/inngest/auto-embeddings-nextjs" description="A Next.js app example of auto-embedding with Inngest" icon="github">Auto-embedding (OpenAI + Inngest)</a>
```

> <a href="https://github.com/inngest/neon-auto-embeddings-example" description="A Next.js app example of auto-embedding with Inngest" icon="github">Auto-embedding (OpenAI + Inngest)</a>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<a href="https://github.com/neondatabase/examples/tree/main/ai/inngest/auto-embeddings-nextjs" description="A Next.js app example of auto-embedding with Inngest" icon="github">Auto-embedding (OpenAI + Inngest)</a>
```
